C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.exe
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.deps.json
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.pdb
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Assignment3.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.pdb
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Assignment3.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.exe
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.deps.json
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Assignment3.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Assignment3.dll
