C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\nunit.engine.core.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testcentric.engine.metadata.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.deps.json
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignme.C50B9886.Up2Date
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Assignment3.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Assignment3.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.deps.json
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.exe
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.dll
C:\Users\Scientist\Desktop\work\Assignment3Skeleton (1)\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\nunit.engine.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\nunit.engine.core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testcentric.engine.metadata.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.deps.json
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.exe
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.deps.json
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignme.C50B9886.Up2Date
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Assignment3.Tests.dll
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\Assignment3.Tests.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\DELL\OneDrive\Desktop\Assignment3Skeleton (1) Final\Assignment3Skeleton\Assignment3.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Assignment3.Tests.dll
